Terms and Conditions

BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, USING, TRANSMITTING, DISTRIBUTING OR COPYING THIS LIBRARY ("THE LIBRARY"), YOU AGREE TO THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THE LIBRARY LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY) WITH MARCO DI FRESCO, THE OWNER OF
ALL RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF THE LIBRARY.

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE LIBRARY.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, USE, TRANSMIT, DISTRIBUTE OR COPY
THE LIBRARY.

THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTES A LICENSE TO USE THE MDF-Utils LIBRARY ("the library") ON THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPEARING
BELOW.

The library is licensed to you without charge for use only upon the terms of this license, and Marco Di Fresco reserves
all rights not expressly granted to you.

Marco Di Fresco retains ownership of all copies of the library.


1) License
You may use the library without charge.

You may distribute exact copies of the library to anyone as long as any copy include this license.


2) Restrictions
Marco Di Fresco reserves the right to revoke the above distribution right at any time, for any or no reason.

YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, ADAPT, TRANSLATE, RENT, LEASE, LOAN, SELL, ONSELL, REQUEST DONATIONS BASED UPON THE LIBRARY OR ANY
PART THEREOF.

You are allowed to create derivative work only by dynamically linking to the library in its binary form and as long the
derivative work is distributed free of charge; if you plan to receive any economical gain from the derivative work, you
must contact Marco Di Fresco at marco.difresco@gmail.com to negotiate a commercial licence for the library.

The library contains trade secrets and to protect them you may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise
reduce the library to a humanly perceivable form. You agree not to divulge, directly or indirectly, until such trade
secrets cease to be confidential, for any reason not your own fault.


3) Termination
This license is effective until terminated. The License will terminate automatically without notice from Marco Di Fresco
if you fail to comply with any provision of this License. Upon termination you must destroy the library and all copies
thereof. You may terminate this Licence at any time by destroying the library and all copies thereof. Upon termination
of this license for any reason, you shall continue to be bound by the provisions of Section 2 above. Termination will be
without prejudice to any rights Marco Di Fresco may have as a result of this agreement.
 

4) Disclaimer of Warranty, Limitation of Remedies
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MARCO DI FRESCO HEREBY EXCLUDES ALL CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER IMPOSED BY
STATUTE OR BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT HEREIN. THE LIBRARY, AND ALL ACCOMPANYING FILES, DATA
AND MATERIALS ARE DISTRIBUTED "AS IS" AND WITH NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. MARCO DI FRESCO
DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE, OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE, OF THE LIBRARY
WITH RESPECT TO ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS OR OTHERWISE. THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE LIBRARY
IS ASSUMED BY YOU. MARCO DI FRESCO MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE WITH RESPECT TO THE LIBRARY. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN
INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY MARCO DI FRESCO, IT'S DISTRIBUTORS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY, AND YOU
MAY NOT RELY ON ANY SUCH INFORMATION OR ADVICE.

IMPORTANT NOTE: Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be construed as excluding or modifying any statutory
rights, warranties or conditions which by virtue of any national or state Fair Trading, Trade Practices or other such
consumer legislation may not be modified or excluded. If permitted by such legislation, however, Marco Di Fresco's
liability for any breach of any such warranty or condition shall be and is hereby limited to the supply of the library
licensed hereunder again as Marco Di Fresco at its sole discretion may determine to be necessary to correct the said
breach.

IN NO EVENT SHALL MARCO DI FRESCO BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND THE LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION OR
COMPUTER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF MARCO DI FRESCO OR ANY MARCO DI FRESCO REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES. IN ADDITION, IN NO EVENT DOES MARCO DI FRESCO AUTHORIZE YOU TO USE THE LIBRARY IN SITUATIONS WHERE FAILURE
OF THE LIBRARY TO PERFORM CAN REASONABLY BE EXPECTED TO RESULT IN A PHYSICAL INJURY, OR IN LOSS OF LIFE. ANY SUCH USE BY
YOU IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND YOU AGREE TO HOLD MARCO DI FRESCO HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS OR LOSSES RELATING TO
SUCH UNAUTHORIZED USE.

5) General
All rights of any kind in the library which are not expressly granted in this Agreement are entirely and exclusively
reserved to and by Marco Di Fresco.

This Agreement shall be governed by European law. Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for all matters relating to this
Agreement shall be in courts and fora located in the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland, and you consent to such jurisdiction
and venue. This agreement contains the entire Agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and/or understandings (oral or written). Failure or delay by Marco Di Fresco
in enforcing any right or provision hereof shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision or right with respect to the
instant or any subsequent breach. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be contrary to law, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remaining provisions
of this Agreement will remain in force and effec